the people who took here are Sergei and
Julius crippled Sergei is a high-level
mi6 agent so what do you think it is we
don't know yet
Nava chop it's one of the deadliest
synthetic substances on earth do not go
in that house for teach but do not go in
that house our job is to keep the people
of souls breathe so ok
very safe
[Applause]
this is just too big are you gonna see
this through and so am i no matter what
it takes
scraper was a Russian spy these were an
innocent man and woman fighting for
their lives
international incident we don't have a
source of contamination or have an
established chain of events
is that for the people in Salisbury we
are
Salisbury poisonings across three nights
on BBC one and iPlayer
you